Update access node indexing setup with checkpoint details (#881)
onflow/docs: docs/networks/node-ops/access-onchain-data/access-nodes/access-node-configuration-options.md

gsutil -m cp "gs://flow-genesis-bootstrap/[network]-execution/public-root-information/root.checkpoint*" .
```

Where `[network]` is the network you are downloading for. For example, `mainnet-24` or `testnet-49`.

Once the files are downloaded, you can either move them to `/bootstrap/execution-state/` within the node’s bootstrap directory or put them in any mounted directory and reference the location with this cli flag: `--execution-state-checkpoint=/path/to/root.checkpoint`. The naming of files should be `root.checkpoint.*`.

## **Option 2: Enabling Indexing Mid-Spork**

### Identify the root checkpoint

The root checkpoint for the network is used by Execution and Access nodes to bootstrap their local execution state database with a known trusted snapshot. The checkpoint contains 18 files that make up the merkle trie used to store the blockchain’s state.

Root checkpoints are periodically generated on Flow Foundation execution nodes and uploaded to a GCP bucket. You can see 
a list of available checkpoints [here](https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/flow-genesis-bootstrap/checkpoints), 

> or list them using the `gsutil` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or list them using the [gsutil](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil) command
```

```bash
gsutil ls "gs://flow-genesis-bootstrap/checkpoints/"
```

The checkpoint paths are in the format `flow-genesis-bootstrap/checkpoints/[network]/[epoch number]-[block height]/`.
Where
* `[network]` is the network the checkpoint is from. For example, `mainnet` or `testnet`.

> * `[epoch number]` is the epoch number of the checkpoint. You can find the current epoch number on the [flowdiver](https://www.flowdiver.io/) home page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `[epoch number]` is the epoch number when the checkpoint was taken. You can find the current epoch number on the [flowdiver](https://www.flowdiver.io/) home page. 
```

> * `[block height]` is the block height of the checkpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `[block height]` is the block height at which the checkpoint was taken.
```

> Make sure that the checkpoint you select is from an epoch when your node was part of the network.

Reviewer: it can be any of epoch in which the node was part of the network, correct?

Author: yea
